Java Swing MultiView

The deliverable for this project is the Java source for a set of classes needed to implement a Java Swing UI MultiView Component. This will "look and feel" significantly like the Windows XP "Folder Tasks" pane 

(see attached files and screenshots). 

Here is a more detailed description of the functionality for each:

- The MultiView contains several named "subviews" which can be
  collapsed or expanded. With animation for collapse/expand or
  subview size changes.

- These subviews are stacked vertically, and aligned on the top. 

- Each subview should have a titlebar.

- The titlebar should have rounded top corners and an icon on the 
  right to indicate expand state (a GIF image which toggles to 
  expanded or non-expanded state - graphic design of the GIF is 
  not necessary, just borrow from the screenshots)

- The titlebar background color should support a color gradient
  just like in the attached screenshots. (the gradient will be
  explicitly set)

- When a subview is collapsed, only the titlebar should display.

- Clicking on the titlebar should cause the subview to toggle it's
  expand/collapse state.

- The subviews should be forced to assume the width of the MultiView

- There should be animation for the following: (a) collapse/expand 
  of a subview, (b) subview size change, (c) subview addition/removal

- It should be possible to disable the animation, or just disable
  the alpha blending in the animation (see below)

- I know alpha transparency is possible but not trivial in Java.
  It would be acceptable to omit Alpha support if EVERYTHING else
  was done perfectly.

* Animation Details

- When a subview collapse is requested, the subview content should 
  simultaneously (a) slide up "into" the title bar for that
  subview, and (b) fade out using alpha transparency. The
  opposite operation should happen when it is expanded. 
  (see the behavior of the XP "Folder Tasks" pane)

- When a subview changes it's height, the border of the subview
  region should not immediately change to match. It should animate
  to match the subview height change. The location of the subviews
  below will adjust with the animation.

- When a subview is added while the MultiView is displayed, it
  should slide into place from off the MultiView (to the left or 
  right). Simultaneously, the other subviews should animate to 
  make room for the new subview (if it is not attaching at the bottom).

  For example, in the screenshot "mutlview_ex2.gif", if a new subview
  "Stuff" was added between "System Tasks" and "Other Places", 
  two things would animate simultaneously. The "Other Places" and
  "Details" subviews would slide down to make room for the new 
  subview. The "Stuff" subview would begin to become visible by sliding
  in "from the left edge. 

- MultiView "insert popup animation"

  In some cases, we're going to already have a popup displayed
  elsewhere (probably a collapsable subview). I'd like to be
  able to request this popup be added to the MultiView, and
  have an animation which occurs from where the popup ALREADY  
  IS on the screen. 

  Just like the above slide in animation, the existing subviews
  in the multiview will slide down to make room for the insertion
  point of the new subview.

  Simultaneously, the popup window will slide from where it 
  ALREADY IS to land in the gap made by the multiview. While it's
  sliding, the width of the popup will adjust so that it will
  match the width of the multiview when it lands there. When the 
  width changes, it's likely that the height will change because
  of flowed text (use an HTML EditorPane to test). When the
  popup reaches it's destination, the MultiView should make that
  EXISTING subview part of itself and destroy the popup 
  which contained it. 

  This action is intended to make a seamless animation where an
  existing popup window will slide over to the multiview and dock
  into it.

* Implementation Details 

- The subcomponents should be separate, and as simple as possible.
  Standard classes and layouts should be used whenever possible.

- The collapsable panel with titlebar should be a standard
  component that I can also add to a popup window. 

- The multivew should be capable of containing items other than
  the collapsable subview (any JComponent).

- One POSSIBLE implementation would be to make these 
  subcomponents:

   1) CollapsablePanel extends JPanel or JComponent
      - manages the animation and visibility for the
        subview collapse/expand/resize
   2) GradientTitleBar extends JPanel or JComponent
      - draws the title bar with color gradient,
        rounded corners, and collapse/expand buttons
   2) MultiViewPanel or MultiViewLayout
      - manages the stacking of the panels, including
        the "addPanel" animation.
      - manages the "insert popup" animation
  