The deliverable for this project is the Java source for the 
classes needed to implement a Swing UI Toolbar Component.

This component should "feel" significantly like the IE 6.0 
configurable toolbar. It should look like the Sun Java Metal
 theme. 

Here are some of the specific features we need:

- The component is a "ToolbarContainer" which contains 
  several individual "Toolbars".
- The layout of these toolbars should be lockable/unlockable
- When unlocked, there should be drag bars on the left of
  each toolbar which allow the toolbar to be dragged around
  the ToolbarContainer -- just like in IE's toolbarcontainer
  NOTE: the toolbars should NOT drag out of the toolbarcontainer
  into an undocked window. They should remain in the container.
- The layout should be considered a set of horizontal slots.
  The tallest toolbar in a slot dictates the height of the slot.
  Other smaller toolbars in that same horitontal slot should be
  vertically centered within the space available.
- If the toolbar is at the left edge, dragging horizontally
  will have no effect until the handle is dragged right to the 
  next Toolbar's grab bar, at which time the position of the
  two toolbars should switch.  (see IE)
- If the toolbar is NOT at the left edge, dragging horizontally
  should affect the location of the toolbar left edge
  (and thus the size) of that toolbar.
  If there is a toolbar to the right, then when the dragged
  toolbar reaches it's minimum size, it should begin to "push"
  the left edge of the next toolbar to the right also. When
  a toolbar reaches it's minimum size at the right edge,
  it should stop dragging. (see IE)
- If the toolbar is dragged vertically down, it should be inserted
  into the next horizontal slot at a horizontal position appropriate
  to the mouse position. 
- If the toolbar is dragged vertically down below any of the existing
  horizontal slots, a new horizontal slot should be created which
  contains only that toolbar.
- OverflowItems: When a toolbar is partially obscured
  (either by a toolbar to it's right, or by the right edge of the
  window), a button should appear to provide access to the rest of 
  the items in the toolbar. (see IE's ">>" button)
- The last toolbar on a line should have it's size set to fill
  the remaining size on the line. Components inside the
  toolbar which are designed to expand to fill available
  space should do so (such as a textfield).
- Minimal border lines should be drawn BETWEEN the toolbars to
  separate them. The Toolbars themselves should NOT each have
  individual borders, as this will result in extra double borders
  between them.
- Right-clicking on an inactive area in any toolbar should bring
  up a menu which allows you to (a) turn off any of the toolbars,
  (b) lock and unlock toolbars
- If the size of the ToolbarContainer is shrunk (due to a window
  resize for example) to obscure the minimum size of toolbar, 
  the toolbar should be "temporarily" moved to the left to remain
  visible. If there is not enough room on a line for this 
  movement to allow the toolbars to be visible, they should "wrap"
  to a new toolbar line below. This new location should NOT become 
  part of it's saved location. When the ToolbarContainer is resized
  larger (due to a window resize), then the toolbars should return
  to their original positions. 

  The minmum size of a toolbar includes a preset number of pixels
  (MIN_SIZE), plus the size required for the "OverflowItems" button.

The implementation must be useful as a general purpose component.
 Here are some implementation requirements:

- A toolbar should accept any JComponent (we will add
  a combination of buttons, textfields, and menus)
  When buttons are added, they should automatically be 
  set to eliminate their permanent border and turn on rollover 
  borders.
- A toolbar should accept any Action object. It should
  automatically turn this into an image button on the toolbar,
  or a button with image and text in the OverflowItems
- The ToolbarContainer should have a mechanism for saving and 
  loading the current layout state of the toolbars. The individual
  toolbars should each have "identifier" strings, which should
  default to the toolbar name if not provided. These identifier
  strings are what will be used for the saving and loading.
- Setup should NOT require custom subclasses of JFrame, or any of the
  components inside the toolbar, to work correctly. Initialization
  should be sufficiently like this:

    JFrame frm = new JFrame();
    ToolbarContainer tc = new ToolbarContainer();
    tc.addToFrame(frm);

    Toolbar tb_1 = new Toolbar("Navigation","NAV_ID_1");
    tb_1.add(new JButton("Back"));
    tb_1.add(new JButton("Forward"));
    tc.add(tb_1);

    Toolbar tb_2 = new Toolbar("Email");
    tb_2.add(new JButton("Reply"));
    tb_2.add(new JButton("Reply All"));

- The implementation should be based on standard classes when 
  possible. This will only make the implementation easier. For 
  example, each horizontal slot might be a JPanel using a 
  horizontal BoxLayout. Each Toolbar might be a JPanel with
  a border layout with the "grab button" conditionally added
  to the WEST/LEFT position when visible.

