Usages studies conducted on both email client usage
(such as Outlook, Eudora) and Internet Browser
bookmark usage suggest that 85% of users do not
organize their saved information. Manual efforts to
categorize information on the Internet have given way
to automatic indexing and text-search methods such as
Google, AltaVista.

The goal of this tool is to enhance the ability for
users to find and use their information. This enhamcent
comes in the form of text-search indexing and 
automatically created links between items (such 
as between emails and calendar events, contacts 
and emails, etc.).

The first release of this tool looks sufficiently like
existing email tools such as Outlook and Eudora. 
However, there are several organization features which
help the user find things quickly. For example, there
is a single search box which can be used to quickly
find any type of item in the system. No existing mail
client has full-text search over all email messages.

A plug-in architecture allows additional components
to be built into the same system. It is also possible
to talk to the same single set of data from within
other applications. For example, in Internet Explorer,
when you visit a website, you could show contacts or
emails which reference that website directly in the
IE toolbar.

The initial target user for this application is the
power email user. That is, someone who receives 
upwards of 50 email messages per day, is on a few 
email mailing lists, who uses their email from
multiple locations, and who stores all email for
future reference and use.  

In the future, all information workers will be
target users, particularly those in a business
environment.

Qualities we would like to invoke with our 
product name include:

- fast / expedient / efficiency
- stable
- flexible

Concepts which might be used to center the name
include:

- automatic organization 
- (information) absorbtion 
- (information) relationships
- follow connections (between items)
- email management
- personal information management
- (information) embedding
- (information) context

